Candace basic mech (#56)
KQM-git/TCL: docs/evidence/characters/hydro/candace.md

## Basic Mechanics

[Discussion](https://tickets.deeznuts.moe/transcripts/candace-basic-mechanics)

> * Guages - Puffin\#9920

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gauges - Puffin\#9920
```

  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/a/p491ecV)

## Skill Mechanics

* Tap and hold E are blunt. Tap E can shatter but hold E doesn't shatter despite it being blunt. - f̸̒͂ỏ̶̂o̵͌̚s̶͊̏h̷̤̀ḯ̴̊\#9920
  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/a/CXxGhBq)
  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/a/t2Wl7w0)
  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/a/gW7sxZH)
* Candace's counter has no startup, it is active as soon as the UI greys out. However, there is a variable delay between key press and activation dependent on input delay.- Aftermath#7658
  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/Xpn2eVs)
* Tap E creates 2 particles each time it hits an enemy. - Puffin\#9920
  * 16 trials, no case where 2 particles are not produced - [Video](https://youtu.be/8HMzZfMOZOc)
* Hold E creates 3 particles each time it hits an enemy. - Puffin\#9920
  * 5 minutes' worth of trials, should be enough - [Video](https://youtu.be/VUZTlHKVq64)

## Burst Mechanics

## Ascension Mechanics

### A1: Aegis of Crossed Arrows
* Her A1 will only activate while E is held at the time of getting hit. - Aftermath\#7658
  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/viN0iTM)
  * [Imgur](https://imgur.com/IILpMea)

## Constellation Mechanics

## Synergies/Interactions

> * Candace's infusion overrides c6 Bennett. - [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXE9ZbcmfIo) - Sew\#2409

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Candace's infusion overrides C6 Bennett. - [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXE9ZbcmfIo) - Sew\#2409
```

* Candace can't overwrite Chongyuns infusion. - [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjD49OckiVc) - Sew\#2409
* Candace + Chongyun infusion = frozen weapon (that does Cryo dmg) - [Video](https://youtu.be/N-ThOhYi6X8) - Mystathi#9705

>   * Significance: Chongyun doesn’t quite override Candace. What may happen is that the weapon infusions trigger freeze on the weapon, which depletes both elements and leaves a frozen aura. This frozen aura is what deals Cryo dmg. This is more information on weapon infusions and can lead into questions of dumb shit like can a weapon do Cryo and hydro dmg if there is enough hydro on it (like how swirl can swirl Cryo and hydro on a frozen enemy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Significance: Chongyun doesn’t quite override Candace. What may happen is that the weapon infusions trigger freeze on the weapon, which depletes both elements and leaves a frozen aura. This frozen aura is what deals Cryo dmg. This is more information on weapon infusions and can lead to questions like can a weapon do Cryo and Hydro dmg if there is enough Hydro on it (like how swirl can swirl Cryo and Hydro on a frozen enemy).
```

> * Interaction between Candace and Keqing infusion results in weapon being Electrocharged but deals=ing hydro dmg. - Nass008\#8577

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Interaction between Candace and Keqing infusion results in weapon being Electro-Charged but deals Hydro dmg. - Nass008\#8577
```

>   * After keqing cast her skill, her weapon gains purple aura as usual but she still has visual effect of Candace burst.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * After Keqing casts her skill, her weapon gains Electro aura as usual but she still has visual effect of Candace's Hydro infusion.
```

> When using elemental sight, her weapon looks like electro infused. - [Video](https://imgur.com/W0LdtNj)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using elemental sight, her weapon visually appears as Electro-infused. - [Video](https://imgur.com/W0LdtNj)
```

>   * Even though her weapon has appearance of electro infusion, Keqing normal attacks under Candace burst deals hydro dmg. - [Video](https://imgur.com/WTnZFQY)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Even though her weapon has appearance of Electro infusion, Keqing normal attacks under Candace burst deals Hydro damage. - [Video](https://imgur.com/WTnZFQY)
```

>   * When applying infusions in order of “Candace burst -> Keqing skill -> Chongyun skill”. Super conduct is triggered. Indicating electro gauge is physically present (not just as a visual effect) even though it does not seem to affect damage type of attacks. - [Video](https://imgur.com/hjHzlpY)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When applying infusions in order of “Candace burst -> Keqing skill -> Chongyun skill”. Superconduct is triggered. Indicating Electro gauge is physically present (not just as a visual effect) even though it does not seem to affect damage type of attacks. - [Video](https://imgur.com/hjHzlpY)
```

> * Candace n4 string is able to get 12 procs of Beidou's Q pretty easily. Her Q and E timings allow for multiple variations. These combos do require a small amount of timing after the N4, since mashing LMB or dashing into an N1 will make you hit slightly too fast. - [Video](https://youtu.be/sGAyBp8IA5k)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Candace N4 string is able to get 12 procs of Beidou's Q pretty easily. Her Q and E timings allow for multiple variations. These combos do require a small amount of timing after the N4, since mashing LMB or dashing into an N1 will make you hit slightly too fast. - [Video](https://youtu.be/sGAyBp8IA5k)
```

>   * First combo: n1Q n3 E n4w n4 E n4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * First combo: N1Q N3 E N4W N4 E N4
```

> The start of this should work well for Candace's setup if swapping to another character. The E should be done slightly before the n3-2 connects to space out for the following n1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The start of this should work well for Candace's setup if swapping to another character. The E should be done slightly before the N3-2 connects to space out for the following N1.
```

>   * Second Combo 2: n4 e n4w n4 e n4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Second Combo 2: N4 E N4W N4 E N4
```

Potential basic combo after quickswapping in. The E animation is under 1s, so it can be weaved in anywhere after a Beidou proc.

>   * Third Combo: 4n4w

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Third Combo: 4N4W
```
